[DOCS-11481] Add test notification info (#30513)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/notifications/rules.md

1. Specify the tags and attributes that must be present in order for the notification rule to be triggered.
1. Click **Add Recipient**.
1. Specify the recipients you want to notify when the notification rule is triggered. You can notify individuals, teams, create Jira issues, and more. See [Notification channels][2] for more information.
1. To test notifications for this rule, click ** Test Notifications**. **Note: This is not available for Cloud Security Vulnerabilities.

>   1. In the modal, select the sources you want to test.

Author: ```suggestion
  1. In the modal, select the security products you want to test.
```
